Update wrapper.rst (#802)
ansys/pyprimemesh: doc/source/user_guide/wrapper.rst

via material points) and all other regions. The nodes on the faceted representation are then projected back to the input geometry, resulting into a wrapper surface closely
representing the input geometry. The edges are imprinted on the wrapped zones, and individual zones are recovered and rezoned based on the original geometry objects.

> The wrapper surface quality is improved by post-wrapping operations. Surfaces are remeshed based on size functions or size field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The wrapper surface quality is improved by post-wrapping operations. Surfaces are remeshed based on size functions or the size field.
```

       params=prime.WrapperImproveQualityParams(model=model, target_skewness=0.9),
   )

=================
Patch flow region
=================

*This is a beta feature. API behavior and implementation might change in the future.*

> The :class:`Patch Flow Region <ansys.meshing.prime.Wrapper.patch_flow_regions>` class creates 

Reviewer 2: @srpyprime is this not a method?

   The below images shows the defined dead material points and live material points in the model.

.. figure:: ../images/patchflow_demo.png
    :width: 400pt
    :align: center

**Case 1**: Scope Dead_1, LIVE material points and specify the hole size to perform patching.

.. code:: python

   dead_region_scope = prime.ScopeDefinition(
       model=model,
       part_expression="box, sph",
   )
   faces = model.control_data.get_scope_face_zonelets(
       scope=dead_region_scope,
       params=prime.ScopeZoneletParams(model),
   )
   dead_region = prime.DeadRegion(
       model=model,
       face_zonelet_ids=faces,
       dead_material_points=["Dead_1"],
       hole_size=5,
   )
   patch_params = prime.WrapperPatchFlowRegionsParams(
       model=model,
       dead_regions=[dead_region],
       number_of_threads=12,
       suggested_part_name="hole_patch_1",
   )
   wrapper = prime.Wrapper(model=model)
   patch_result = wrapper.patch_flow_regions(
       live_material_point="LIVE",
       params=patch_params,
   )

.. figure:: ../images/patchflow_modelex1.png
    :width: 400pt
    :align: center

> **Case 2**: Scope Dead_2, LIVE material points and specify the hole size and base size to perform patching.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Case 2**: scope Dead_2, LIVE material points and specify the hole size and base size to perform patching.
```

.. code:: python

   dead_region_scope = prime.ScopeDefinition(
       model=model,
       part_expression="box, sph",
   )
   faces = model.control_data.get_scope_face_zonelets(
       scope=dead_region_scope,
       params=prime.ScopeZoneletParams(model),
   )
   dead_region = prime.DeadRegion(
       model=model,
       face_zonelet_ids=faces,
       dead_material_points=["Dead_2"],
       hole_size=15,
   )
   patch_params = prime.WrapperPatchFlowRegionsParams(
       model=model,
       base_size=4,
       dead_regions=[dead_region],
       number_of_threads=12,
       suggested_part_name="hole_patch_2",
   )
   wrapper = prime.Wrapper(model=model)
   patch_result = wrapper.patch_flow_regions(
       live_material_point="LIVE",
       params=patch_params,
   )

.. figure:: ../images/patchflow_modelex2.png
    :width: 400pt
    :align: center

> **Case 3**: Scope Dead_1, Dead_2 and LIVE material points and specify the hole size and base size to perform patching.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Case 3**: scope Dead_1, Dead_2 and LIVE material points and specify the hole size and base size to perform patching.
```

       params=prime.WrapperImproveQualityParams(model=model, target_skewness=0.9),
   )

=================

> Patch Flow Region

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Patch flow region
```
Titles and headings are in sentence case (per our style guide, which is the Google developer documentation style guide).

=================

*This is a beta feature. API behavior and implementation might change in the future.*

Patch Flow Region creates patching face zonelets for holes below a specified size 
that exist between regions defined by live and dead material points. You can define
multiple dead regions but only one live region can be defined.

> :class:`WrapperPatchFlowRegionsParams <ansys.meshing.prime.WrapperPatchFlowRegionsParams>`
> allows you to specify the base size and dead regions to create the patched surface. 
> The base size  takes the global min size  value, if you do not provide the base size. 
> The patched surface is created towards the dead material point region. 
> When you create a patched surface, the mesh created is non conformal. 
> You may have to perform wrapping to create conformal mesh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :class:`WrapperPatchFlowRegionsParams <ansys.meshing.prime.WrapperPatchFlowRegionsParams>`
class lets you specify the base size and dead regions for creating the patched surface. 
If you do not provide the base size, the value for the global minimum size is used. 
The patched surface is created towards the dead material point region. 
When you create a patched surface, the mesh created is non-conformal. 
You might have to perform wrapping to create a conformal mesh.
```

The below example demonstrates how to patch surfaces using dead and live material points.

1. Import the model.

.. code:: python

   file_io = prime.FileIO(model)
   res = file_io.read_pmdat(
       r"E:\test2\Surface_mesh_1.pmdat", prime.FileReadParams(model=model)
   )
   g = Graphics(model)
   g()
   set_num_of_threads = model.set_num_threads(8)

> .. figure:: ../images/patchflow_model.png

Reviewer 2: @srpyprime the file referenced here is missing.

    :width: 400pt
    :align: center

> 2. Set the global sizing parameters. The base size takes the global min size value, if not specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Set the global sizing parameters. If the base size is not specified, the value for the global minimum size is used.
```

.. code:: python

   model.set_global_sizing_params(
       prime.GlobalSizingParams(
           model,
           min=0.5,
           max=30,
           growth_rate=1.2,
       )
   )
   sfparams = model.get_global_sizing_params()

> 3. Create the material points and define its type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create the material points and define the type.
```
You can't use "its" because "material points" is plural. It appears that all points are of the same type, so using "the" is the best choice.

.. code:: python

   mpt_fluid_res = model.material_point_data.create_material_point(
       suggested_name="Fluid",
       coords=[-13, 62, -24],
       params=prime.CreateMaterialPointParams(
           model=model,
           type=prime.MaterialPointType.LIVE,
       ),
   )
   model.material_point_data.create_material_point(
       suggested_name="dead_1",
       coords=[2, 43, 0.0],
       params=prime.CreateMaterialPointParams(
           model=model,
           type=prime.MaterialPointType.DEAD,
       ),
   )
   model.material_point_data.create_material_point(
       suggested_name="dead_2",
       coords=[11, 60, -8.5],
       params=prime.CreateMaterialPointParams(
           model=model,
           type=prime.MaterialPointType.DEAD,
       ),
   )

> 4. Define the scope to perform patching, dead region and specify the hole size to be patched.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Define the scope for performing patching, the dead region, and the hole size to patch.
```

   patch_result = wrapper.patch_flow_regions(
       live_material_point="Fluid",
       params=patch_params,
   )

.. figure:: ../images/patchflow_modelex1.png
    :width: 400pt
    :align: center

5.	Define the scope to perform patching, dead region and specify the hole size and base size to be patched.

.. code:: python

   dead_region_scope = prime.ScopeDefinition(
       model=model,
       part_expression="box, sph",
   )
   faces = model.control_data.get_scope_face_zonelets(
       scope=dead_region_scope,
       params=prime.ScopeZoneletParams(model),
   )
   dead_region = prime.DeadRegion(
       model=model,
       face_zonelet_ids=faces,
       dead_material_points=["dead_2"],
       hole_size=15,
   )
   patch_params = prime.WrapperPatchFlowRegionsParams(
       model=model,
       base_size=4,
       dead_regions=[dead_region],
       number_of_threads=12,
       suggested_part_name="hole_patch_2",
   )
   wrapper = prime.Wrapper(model=model)
   patch_result = wrapper.patch_flow_regions(
       live_material_point="Fluid",
       params=patch_params,
   )

.. figure:: ../images/patchflow_modelex2.png
    :width: 400pt
    :align: center

> 6.	Define the scope to perform patching, two dead regions, hole size and specify the base size to perform patches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6.	Define the scope for performing patching, two dead regions, the hole size, and the base size to patch.
```

.. code:: python

   dead_region_scope = prime.ScopeDefinition(
       model=model,
       part_expression="box, sph",
   )
   faces = model.control_data.get_scope_face_zonelets(
       scope=dead_region_scope,
       params=prime.ScopeZoneletParams(model),
   )
   dead_region = prime.DeadRegion(
       model=model,
       face_zonelet_ids=faces,
       dead_material_points=["dead_1", "dead_2"],
       hole_size=15,
   )
   patch_params = prime.WrapperPatchFlowRegionsParams(
       model=model,
       base_size=2,
       dead_regions=[dead_region],
       number_of_threads=8,
       suggested_part_name="hole_patch_3",
   )
   wrapper = prime.Wrapper(model=model)
   patch_result = wrapper.patch_flow_regions(
       live_material_point="Fluid",
       params=patch_params,
   )

.. figure:: ../images/patchflow_modelex3.png
    :width: 400pt
    :align: center

> 7.	Define the scope to perform patching, two dead regions, hole size and specify the base size to perform patches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7.	Define the scope for performing patching, two dead regions, the hole size, and the base size to patch.
```

*This is a beta feature. API behavior and implementation might change in the future.*

> :class:`Patch Flow Region <ansys.meshing.prime.Wrapper.patch_flow_regions>` creates patching face zonelets for holes below a specified size 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :class:`Patch Flow Region <ansys.meshing.prime.Wrapper.patch_flow_regions>` class creates patching face zonelets for holes below a specified size 
```

that exist between regions defined by live and dead material points. You can define
multiple dead regions but only one live region can be defined.

> :class:`WrapperPatchFlowRegionsParams <ansys.meshing.prime.WrapperPatchFlowRegionsParams>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :class:`WrapperPatchFlowRegionsParams <ansys.meshing.prime.WrapperPatchFlowRegionsParams>` class
```
